{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1049\deflangfe1049\deftab708{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset204 Cambria;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset204{\*\fname Courier New;}Courier New CYR;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset204 Calibri;}{\f3\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Cambria;}{\f4\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red79\green129\blue189;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\stylesheet{ Normal;}{\s1 heading 1;}{\s2 heading 2;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10586}{\*\mmathPr\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\keep\keepn\widctlpar\s2\sb200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs26 glew:\par

\pard\widctlpar\cf0\b0\f1\fs18 The OpenGL Extension Wrangler Library\par
Copyright (C) 2002-2007, Milan Ikits <milan ikits[]ieee org>\par
Copyright (C) 2002-2007, Marcelo E. Magallon <mmagallo[]debian org>\par
Copyright (C) 2002, Lev Povalahev\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:\par
\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.\par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, \par
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation \par
  and/or other materials provided with the distribution.\par
* The name of the author may be used to endorse or promote products \par
  derived from this software without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" \par
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE\par
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE \par
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR \par
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF \par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS\par
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN\par
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)\par
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF\par
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f2\fs22\par
\cf1\b\f3\fs26\lang1033 freetype\f0\lang1049 :\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f1\fs18                     The FreeType Project LICENSE\par
                    ----------------------------\par
\par
                            2006-Jan-27\par
\par
                    Copyright 1996-2002, 2006 by\par
          David Turner, Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg\par
\par
\par
\par
Introduction\par
============\par
\par
  The FreeType  Project is distributed in  several archive packages;\par
  some of them may contain, in addition to the FreeType font engine,\par
  various tools and  contributions which rely on, or  relate to, the\par
  FreeType Project.\par
\par
  This  license applies  to all  files found  in such  packages, and\par
  which do not  fall under their own explicit  license.  The license\par
  affects  thus  the  FreeType   font  engine,  the  test  programs,\par
  documentation and makefiles, at the very least.\par
\par
  This  license   was  inspired  by  the  BSD,   Artistic,  and  IJG\par
  (Independent JPEG  Group) licenses, which  all encourage inclusion\par
  and  use of  free  software in  commercial  and freeware  products\par
  alike.  As a consequence, its main points are that:\par
\par
    o We don't promise that this software works. However, we will be\par
      interested in any kind of bug reports. (`as is' distribution)\par
\par
    o You can  use this software for whatever you  want, in parts or\par
      full form, without having to pay us. (`royalty-free' usage)\par
\par
    o You may not pretend that  you wrote this software.  If you use\par
      it, or  only parts of it,  in a program,  you must acknowledge\par
      somewhere  in  your  documentation  that  you  have  used  the\par
      FreeType code. (`credits')\par
\par
  We  specifically  permit  and  encourage  the  inclusion  of  this\par
  software, with  or without modifications,  in commercial products.\par
  We  disclaim  all warranties  covering  The  FreeType Project  and\par
  assume no liability related to The FreeType Project.\par
\par
\par
  Finally,  many  people  asked  us  for  a  preferred  form  for  a\par
  credit/disclaimer to use in compliance with this license.  We thus\par
  encourage you to use the following text:\par
\par
   """\par
    Portions of this software are copyright \f4\lang1033\'a9 <year> The FreeType\par
    Project ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.freetype.org }}{\fldrslt{www.freetype.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f4\fs18 ).  All rights reserved.\par
   """\par
\par
  Please replace <year> with the value from the FreeType version you\par
  actually use.\par
\par
\par
Legal Terms\par
===========\par
\par
0. Definitions\par
--------------\par
\par
  Throughout this license,  the terms `package', `FreeType Project',\par
  and  `FreeType  archive' refer  to  the  set  of files  originally\par
  distributed  by the  authors  (David Turner,  Robert Wilhelm,  and\par
  Werner Lemberg) as the `FreeType Project', be they named as alpha,\par
  beta or final release.\par
\par
  `You' refers to  the licensee, or person using  the project, where\par
  `using' is a generic term including compiling the project's source\par
  code as  well as linking it  to form a  `program' or `executable'.\par
  This  program is  referred to  as  `a program  using the  FreeType\par
  engine'.\par
\par
  This  license applies  to all  files distributed  in  the original\par
  FreeType  Project,   including  all  source   code,  binaries  and\par
  documentation,  unless  otherwise  stated   in  the  file  in  its\par
  original, unmodified form as  distributed in the original archive.\par
  If you are  unsure whether or not a particular  file is covered by\par
  this license, you must contact us to verify this.\par
\par
  The FreeType  Project is copyright (C) 1996-2000  by David Turner,\par
  Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg.  All rights reserved except as\par
  specified below.\par
\par
1. No Warranty\par
--------------\par
\par
  THE FREETYPE PROJECT  IS PROVIDED `AS IS' WITHOUT  WARRANTY OF ANY\par
  KIND, EITHER  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,  INCLUDING, BUT NOT  LIMITED TO,\par
  WARRANTIES  OF  MERCHANTABILITY   AND  FITNESS  FOR  A  PARTICULAR\par
  PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS\par
  BE LIABLE  FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED  BY THE USE OR  THE INABILITY TO\par
  USE, OF THE FREETYPE PROJECT.\par
\par
2. Redistribution\par
-----------------\par
\par
  This  license  grants  a  worldwide, royalty-free,  perpetual  and\par
  irrevocable right  and license to use,  execute, perform, compile,\par
  display,  copy,   create  derivative  works   of,  distribute  and\par
  sublicense the  FreeType Project (in  both source and  object code\par
  forms)  and  derivative works  thereof  for  any  purpose; and  to\par
  authorize others  to exercise  some or all  of the  rights granted\par
  herein, subject to the following conditions:\par
\par
    o Redistribution of  source code  must retain this  license file\par
      (`FTL.TXT') unaltered; any  additions, deletions or changes to\par
      the original  files must be clearly  indicated in accompanying\par
      documentation.   The  copyright   notices  of  the  unaltered,\par
      original  files must  be  preserved in  all  copies of  source\par
      files.\par
\par
    o Redistribution in binary form must provide a  disclaimer  that\par
      states  that  the software is based in part of the work of the\par
      FreeType Team,  in  the  distribution  documentation.  We also\par
      encourage you to put an URL to the FreeType web page  in  your\par
      documentation, though this isn't mandatory.\par
\par
  These conditions  apply to any  software derived from or  based on\par
  the FreeType Project,  not just the unmodified files.   If you use\par
  our work, you  must acknowledge us.  However, no  fee need be paid\par
  to us.\par
\par
3. Advertising\par
--------------\par
\par
  Neither the  FreeType authors and  contributors nor you  shall use\par
  the name of the  other for commercial, advertising, or promotional\par
  purposes without specific prior written permission.\par
\par
  We suggest,  but do not require, that  you use one or  more of the\par
  following phrases to refer  to this software in your documentation\par
  or advertising  materials: `FreeType Project',  `FreeType Engine',\par
  `FreeType library', or `FreeType Distribution'.\par
\par
  As  you have  not signed  this license,  you are  not  required to\par
  accept  it.   However,  as  the FreeType  Project  is  copyrighted\par
  material, only  this license, or  another one contracted  with the\par
  authors, grants you  the right to use, distribute,  and modify it.\par
  Therefore,  by  using,  distributing,  or modifying  the  FreeType\par
  Project, you indicate that you understand and accept all the terms\par
  of this license.\par
\par
4. Contacts\par
-----------\par
\par
  There are two mailing lists related to FreeType:\par
\par
    o freetype@nongnu.org\par
\par
      Discusses general use and applications of FreeType, as well as\par
      future and  wanted additions to the  library and distribution.\par
      If  you are looking  for support,  start in  this list  if you\par
      haven't found anything to help you in the documentation.\par
\par
    o freetype-devel@nongnu.org\par
\par
      Discusses bugs,  as well  as engine internals,  design issues,\par
      specific licenses, porting, etc.\par
\par
  Our home page can be found at\par
\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.freetype.org }}{\fldrslt{http://www.freetype.org\ul0\cf0}}}}\f4\fs18\par
\par
\par
--- end of FTL.TXT ---\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f3\fs26 zlib\f0\lang1049 :\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f1\fs18   Copyright (C) 1995-2013 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler\par
\par
  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied\par
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages\par
  arising from the use of this software.\par
\par
  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,\par
  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it\par
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:\par
\par
  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not\par
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software\par
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be\par
     appreciated but is not required.\par
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be\par
     misrepresented as being the original software.\par
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.\par
\par
  Jean-loup Gailly        Mark Adler\par
  jloup@gzip.org          madler@alumni.caltech.edu\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f3\fs26\lang1033 libjpeg\f0\lang1049 :\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f1\fs18 In plain English:\par
\par
1. We don't promise that this software works.  (But if you find any bugs,\par
   please let us know!)\par
2. You can use this software for whatever you want.  You don't have to pay us.\par
3. You may not pretend that you wrote this software.  If you use it in a\par
   program, you must acknowledge somewhere in your documentation that\par
   you've used the IJG code.\par
\par
In legalese:\par
\par
The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied,\par
with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, merchantability, or\par
fitness for a particular purpose.  This software is provided "AS IS", and you,\par
its user, assume the entire risk as to its quality and accuracy.\par
\par
This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.\par
All Rights Reserved except as specified below.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee, subject to these\par
conditions:\par
(1) If any part of the source code for this software is distributed, then this\par
README file must be included, with this copyright and no-warranty notice\par
unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or changes to the original files\par
must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation.\par
(2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying\par
documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of\par
the Independent JPEG Group".\par
(3) Permission for use of this software is granted only if the user accepts\par
full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the authors accept\par
NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind.\par
\par
These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the IJG code,\par
not just to the unmodified library.  If you use our work, you ought to\par
acknowledge us.\par
\par
Permission is NOT granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company name\par
in advertising or publicity relating to this software or products derived from\par
it.  This software may be referred to only as "the Independent JPEG Group's\par
software".\par
\par
We specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of\par
commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are\par
assumed by the product vendor.\par
\par
\par
ansi2knr.c is included in this distribution by permission of L. Peter Deutsch,\par
sole proprietor of its copyright holder, Aladdin Enterprises of Menlo Park, CA.\par
ansi2knr.c is NOT covered by the above copyright and conditions, but instead\par
by the usual distribution terms of the Free Software Foundation; principally,\par
that you must include source code if you redistribute it.  (See the file\par
ansi2knr.c for full details.)  However, since ansi2knr.c is not needed as part\par
of any program generated from the IJG code, this does not limit you more than\par
the foregoing paragraphs do.\par
\par
The Unix configuration script "configure" was produced with GNU Autoconf.\par
It is copyright by the Free Software Foundation but is freely distributable.\par
The same holds for its supporting scripts (config.guess, config.sub,\par
ltconfig, ltmain.sh).  Another support script, install-sh, is copyright\par
by M.I.T. but is also freely distributable.\par
\par
It appears that the arithmetic coding option of the JPEG spec is covered by\par
patents owned by IBM, AT&T, and Mitsubishi.  Hence arithmetic coding cannot\par
legally be used without obtaining one or more licenses.  For this reason,\par
support for arithmetic coding has been removed from the free JPEG software.\par
(Since arithmetic coding provides only a marginal gain over the unpatented\par
Huffman mode, it is unlikely that very many implementations will support it.)\par
So far as we are aware, there are no patent restrictions on the remaining\par
code.\par
\par
The IJG distribution formerly included code to read and write GIF files.\par
To avoid entanglement with the Unisys LZW patent, GIF reading support has\par
been removed altogether, and the GIF writer has been simplified to produce\par
"uncompressed GIFs".  This technique does not use the LZW algorithm; the\par
resulting GIF files are larger than usual, but are readable by all standard\par
GIF decoders.\par
\par
We are required to state that\par
    "The Graphics Interchange Format(c) is the Copyright property of\par
    CompuServe Incorporated.  GIF(sm) is a Service Mark property of\par
    CompuServe Incorporated."\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f3\fs26\lang1033 libpng\f0\lang1049 :\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f1\fs18 This copy of the libpng notices is provided for your convenience.  In case of\par
any discrepancy between this copy and the notices in the file png.h that is\par
included in the libpng distribution, the latter shall prevail.\par
\par
COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE:\par
\par
If you modify libpng you may insert additional notices immediately following\par
this sentence.\par
\par
This code is released under the libpng license.\par
\par
libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000 through 1.6.23, June 9, 2016 are\par
Copyright (c) 2000-2002, 2004, 2006-2016 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, are\par
derived from libpng-1.0.6, and are distributed according to the same\par
disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6 with the following individuals\par
added to the list of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   Simon-Pierre Cadieux\par
   Eric S. Raymond\par
   Mans Rullgard\par
   Cosmin Truta\par
   Gilles Vollant\par
   James Yu\par
\par
and with the following additions to the disclaimer:\par
\par
   There is no warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the\par
   library or against infringement.  There is no warranty that our\par
   efforts or the library will fulfill any of your particular purposes\par
   or needs.  This library is provided with all faults, and the entire\par
   risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and effort is with\par
   the user.\par
\par
Some files in the "contrib" directory and some configure-generated\par
files that are distributed with libpng have other copyright owners and\par
are released under other open source licenses.\par
\par
libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20, 2000, are\par
Copyright (c) 1998-2000 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, are derived from\par
libpng-0.96, and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and\par
license as libpng-0.96, with the following individuals added to the list\par
of Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   Tom Lane\par
   Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
   Willem van Schaik\par
\par
libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through 0.96, May 1997, are\par
Copyright (c) 1996-1997 Andreas Dilger, are derived from libpng-0.88,\par
and are distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as\par
libpng-0.88, with the following individuals added to the list of\par
Contributing Authors:\par
\par
   John Bowler\par
   Kevin Bracey\par
   Sam Bushell\par
   Magnus Holmgren\par
   Greg Roelofs\par
   Tom Tanner\par
\par
Some files in the "scripts" directory have other copyright owners\par
but are released under this license.\par
\par
libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are\par
Copyright (c) 1995-1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.\par
\par
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors"\par
is defined as the following set of individuals:\par
\par
   Andreas Dilger\par
   Dave Martindale\par
   Guy Eric Schalnat\par
   Paul Schmidt\par
   Tim Wegner\par
\par
The PNG Reference Library is supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors\par
and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied,\par
including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability and of\par
fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc.\par
assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary,\par
or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG\par
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this\par
source code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject\par
to the following restrictions:\par
\par
  1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.\par
\par
  2. Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not\par
     be misrepresented as being the original source.\par
\par
  3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or altered from any\par
     source or altered source distribution.\par
\par
The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without\par
fee, and encourage the use of this source code as a component to\par
supporting the PNG file format in commercial products.  If you use this\par
source code in a product, acknowledgment is not required but would be\par
appreciated.\par
\par
END OF COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE.\par
\par
TRADEMARK:\par
\par
The name "libpng" has not been registered by the Copyright owner\par
as a trademark in any jurisdiction.  However, because libpng has\par
been distributed and maintained world-wide, continually since 1995,\par
the Copyright owner claims "common-law trademark protection" in any\par
jurisdiction where common-law trademark is recognized.\par
\par
OSI CERTIFICATION:\par
\par
Libpng is OSI Certified Open Source Software.  OSI Certified Open Source is\par
a certification mark of the Open Source Initiative. OSI has not addressed\par
the additional disclaimers inserted at version 1.0.7.\par
\par
EXPORT CONTROL:\par
\par
The Copyright owner believes that the Export Control Classification\par
Number (ECCN) for libpng is EAR99, which means not subject to export\par
controls or International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) because\par
it is open source, publicly available software, that does not contain\par
any encryption software.  See the EAR, paragraphs 734.3(b)(3) and\par
734.7(b).\par
\par
Glenn Randers-Pehrson\par
glennrp at users.sourceforge.net\par
June 9, 2016\par
\par

\pard\widctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f3\fs26\lang1033 libcurl\f0\lang1049 :\par

\pard\widctlpar\sl240\slmult1\cf0\b0\f1\fs18 COPYRIGHT AND PERMISSION NOTICE\par
\par
Copyright (c) 1996 - 2016, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, and many\par
contributors, see the THANKS file.\par
\par
All rights reserved.\par
\par
Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose\par
with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright\par
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.\par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR\par
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,\par
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN\par
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,\par
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR\par
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE\par
OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\par
\par
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not\par
be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings\par
in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder.\par
\par
}
 